Updated button styling and preview images (#36)
Imageomics/dashboard-prototype: README.md

Prototype data dashboard using the [Cuthill Gold Standard Dataset](https://huggingface.co/datasets/imageomics/Curated_GoldStandard_Hoyal_Cuthill), which was processed from Cuthill, et. al. (original dataset available at [doi:10.5061/dryad.2hp1978](https://doi.org/10.5061/dryad.2hp1978)). Test datasets (the processed version of Cuthill's data with and without filepath URLs) are available in [test_data](./test_data).

## How it works

For full dashboard functionality, upload a CSV or XLS file with the following columns: 

> - `Image_filename`*: Filename of each image, must be unique. **Note:** These should be `png` or `jpg`, `tif` may not show image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Image_filename`*: Filename of each image, must be unique. **Note:** Images should be in PNG or JPEG format, TIFF may fail to render in the sample image display.
```

***Note:** 
- `lat` and `lon` columns are not required to utilize the dashboard, but there will be no map view if they are not included.

> - `Image_filename` and `file_url` are not required, but there will be no sample images option if it they not both included.

Reviewer: It's a little unclear to me whether you mean to say _if neither is included_, or _if either one is not included_.

Author: It was supposed to be "if they are not both included", though I like the suggested "if either one is not included"
